Now that some of the hard work of learning how to install
the Google Analytics code using Google Tag Manager is behind us,
let's go back to studying the core building blocks of Google Analytics.
In this course, we'll take a closer look at
the different types of data displays the Google Analytics interface offers.
You will learn more about the distinction between metrics and dimensions,
and how to apply filters to your data.
We will delve into the power of segments,
audiences, and how Google measures time.
We will also learn how to create different views in
your account and how to manage the settings and
permissions on Google Analytics to give the right
people in your organization access to the data.
But first, let's learn about the different data displays in Google Analytics,
and let's take a closer look at
how different data visualizations can help you generate insights and take action.